Need finding for NFTy App
Rachael Wang, Ivan Villa-Renteria, Julien Brinson, Sara Kolb, Azhia Harris
We wanted to collect information about who would be likely to use our product, their price points and their knowledge of NFTs, blockchains and cryptocurrency. We want to make our app as accessible and approachable for as wide an audience as possible. Each member of the team conducted multiple interviews and wrote a summary about their discoveries through the interviews. Below is a draft of our interview script. 

Needfinding Script:

Opening: Hi! My name is __________. I am working with a team of undergrad and master's students at Stanford, and we are doing some needfinding for a project we’re developing centered around NFTs. We want to get a sense of your understanding of the technology and social media habits. Do you have any questions before we get started?

What do you know about block chain and cryptocurrency?  
Have you heard of NFTs before and are you interested in learning more about them? 

After Q1&Q2- Explain our vision for the app as a way of turning photos to NFTs → marketplace

What are your concerns about creating your own NFTs?  
How frequently do you think you would use the platform? 
Would you be interested in profiting off of photos you take/post online?
What features would you want on a platform like this? 
Would you be willing to post digital artwork for sale if each sale that you made with a $40-100 transaction fee? This is where the current markets are.  
If we provide this service, how much would you be willing to pay percentage wise of total NFT sales?

Summaries of Interviews: 
Sara’s summary: I interviewed two people, one who was a strong social media user but with no prior knowledge of blockchain technology and one who wasn’t a particularly strong social media user but had blockchain knowledge. Both interviewees demonstrated interest in the idea of being able to make NFTs and the accessibility that our prospective application could provide and they were excited at the possibility of profiting from photos. It is notable that both users were confused by the large fee associated with selling the NFTs and weren’t comfortable giving a large sale margin to our prospective application. Between my two interviewees, the strong social media user seemed to be more confident that they would use the application regularly. Interesting suggestions about application features were the ability to see what top sellers are selling and the ability for buyers and sellers to negotiate.



Rachael’s summary: I interviewed two people. One was a freshman interested in computer science. He had very little knowledge of cryptocurrency and NFTs, but wanted to learn more. The other was a grad student who studied english as an undergrad and computer science as a coterm. This is her fifth year. Both of them were skeptical that they could use the app to make money. They both thought only high quality photos or pieces would be purchased or turned into NFTs and that random photos that anyone takes would not be profitable. They both considered this something that stock traders or investors would be interested in and neither of them have traded stocks before. That being said, they both believed there was a large market and the potential to make money from this product, just not with regular people as the target market but instead influencers and/or artists and traders. Other features they were interested in was accessibility for people who didn’t know the “tech” side but wanted to be a trader and more transparent about how to profit more in the market (I believed this may be out of the scope of our product). They both believed the transactions fee 40-100 would be an obstacle. The grad student said it depends on the amount made per transaction. Answers to percentage ranged from 5-15%. I believe our app should be explanatory and simple to access. It should provide some background information for the user but not enough to be overwhelming or unnecessary. 

Julien’s summary: I interviewed two people as part of our needfinding for  Nfty. Both regularly shared photos to social media and considered themselves creatives--one focusing on high-end photography, the other in painting. The painter had not heard of NFTs before our conversation, but was very intrigued about the idea of having another revenue source for their artwork. The photographer had heard of NFTs, but thought that they were inferior to physical prints of their photographs. While the painter was completely turned off by the high fees, the photographer thought their tolerance of the high fees would completely depend on the sale price. Both thought that they would use the app infrequently to make NFTs considering the fees involved and personal nature of their photos. Both thought that our app should have marketplace features like Etsy and ways to advertise on social media. Lastly, both were willing to pay a ~5% commission prices. 

Azhia’s summary: One of my interviewees is a recent social media user, and the other is a frequent and long-time user of social media. Neither knew much about blockchain or cryptocurrency, but both had a basic understanding of it. Neither knew what NFTs were. They were both interested in the idea of making NFTs and profiting from their work, although one was concerned because she doesn’t currently sell anything digital. Neither would use the platform frequently right now, although one said they have many ideas for work they want to sell in the future that they could potentially use the platform for. One was worried about the large upfront costs because they might not be able to make their money back. Their suggestions about features to include were a marketing package, where the platform has a clientele that it can market sellers’ NFTs to, and a social forum, where people can post tips about how to market and edit your work to increase sales.

Ivan’s summary: One of my interviewees is an incoming employee for Microsoft, the other is an engineer at Apple, and both completed their Master’s in CS from Stanford. Both are interested in photography. Both of my interviewees were somehow familiar with cryptocurrency and blockchain technology, as well as NFTs themselves. Both of my interviewees would be interested in profiting from their photos if possible. Even taking the fees into account, both of my interviewees would still be interested in selling photos if they managed to make a profit from their sales. One of my interviewees was concerned about the technology underlying NFTs, since they are just memory addresses on the blockchain and can’t be converted into physical objects, and is also concerned about their environmental impact. The other interviewee expressed concerns about how they would be able to profit from their art if they aren’t a world renown artist, and also how they could be able to balance between how much their art is worth vs. how much effort they put effort into photos, since good photos take lots of time to make. They can definitely see themselves selling NFTs of important events if they are present and can take a picture on their phone. One of my interviewees would be willing to spend as much time on the app as they can (based on notifications that they get, so maybe once a day?), and the other said that they’d only be willing to check the app once a month since they have a job. One of the interviewees would be okay with paying 5-10% on NFT sales, and the other would need to look at the fair market price. Both want social features included in the app where you are able to see other people’s portfolios and their galleries (what they bought); basically they’d like it if it had similar functionality to instagram. Also would be good if we could add a search option.

Overall summary():

We each interviewed 2 people, for a total of 10 interviews. The majority of the interviewees use social media at least somewhat regularly. All of the interviewees had heard of blockchain and cryptocurrency, and most knew the basics of them, but few had extensive knowledge or any experience using them. Some had never heard of NFTs, while others had and were interested in learning more. While all would be interested in profiting off of their photos, most people had concerns about creating their own NFTs, from thinking the technology would be too complicated to use, there might be copyright issues, or they would have a hard time selling their work to anyone.  The majority wouldn’t use the platform too often, but a couple would use it frequently if they were making profit. Most think a high upfront cost would be an obstacle for them, and would be willing to pay an average of 5% of their sales to the app.The majority of interviewees would want a social marketplace aspect, similar to etsy and instagram, and there were also suggestions for making the technology accessible for those unfamiliar with blockchain and NFTs.
